feature(docs): frontend detailed architecture (#2)
xoscar/image-store: frontend/entities/Models.md

# Models

Models are the representation of the structured data that used in the application, often defined by the I/O responses from the third party services.
The job of the models includes the following:

1. Validating data. Verifying nullable values, adding defaults to prevent the app from breaking.

> 2. Calculating derived values. This way you can calculate values that will be often done at during the rendering cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Calculating derived values. This way you can calculate values that will be often done during the rendering cycle.
```

> 3. Adding functionality. You can attach custom functionality to models to be latter use by components or services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Adding functionality. You can attach custom functionality to models to be later used by components or services.
```

## How to

A model should specify a factory function to generate the object structure, receive the unchecked data and return the verified values.

```ts
// models/Image.model.ts
type Image = {
  fileName: string;
  type: string;
  date: Date;
}

type TRawImage =  Partial<Image & {
  date: string;
}> 

const Image = ({firstName = '', type = '', date = new Date().toISOString()}: TRawImage): Image => ({
  fileName,
  type,

>   date: new Date(date)

Reviewer: I don't see how you're handling the TRawImage in this function, i.e. how does it get returned as part of the Image object?

Author: The TRawImage is the type definition for the passed object, it doesn't have to be returned
